H-Hey there...,D-Do you have time right now...?,A-Are you still here?
I-I a-agree!,U-Uwa please don't yell...,S-Sorry I was just startled...
"S-Shut up, its not like I'm enjoying this or anything...",Maybe just a little bit...,Y-You didn't see anything!
A blade embraces its duty...,As a jeweler cherishes their gems.
I-Idiot...
B-Baka!!
"W-Welcome, master...",I-Its embarrassing y-you idiot!,D-Don't get the wrong idea!!
S-So what do you want?,Omelette rice?,H-How normal...
D-Don't say that... its embarrassing...
Huh? I was lost in thoughts for a brief moment.
A blade is like a tea leaf...,...only those who sample it many times can appreciate true qualities.
Haah... I only wish life could be as leisurely as this a little more often.,*Ahem* How greedy of me...
"So, this is a day in the life of a traveler.","Hehe, I'm learning more about you all the time."
"I have great affection for the arts: music, song, poetry, shogi and dancing.",And you?
Make sure you take good care of your sword...,"If I ever manage to steal it one day, your life will also be in my hands.",Hehe... I've always wanted to say something like that. Did it sound strange?,- Kamisato Ayaka 2023
Morning!,"Sorry, I've grown accustomed to speaking to Sayu.",Good morning. How do you do?
Good afternoon.,It is normal to feel drowsy after lunch.,Might I interest you in a game of Go to stimulate the mind?
Greetings.,An auspicious breeze blows this evening.,Tonight will be peaceful.
\"Was it one's thoughts that drew him to my dreams? Had I known it a dream, one would not have awakened.\",I love that poem.
"Come, let us enjoy this rare reprieve."
"Oh no, its raining!",Tohma! My umbrella at once!,Oh... My apologies...
Are you scared of lightning?,It must be that the Electro Archon is trying to tell us something.
What a nice sunlight.,Behold the beauty of nature.
It's quite windy today.,Is that a wind chime I hear?
What do I see in myself?,I see the beauty even in a sakura that has lost its blossoms.,Like a beautiful woman in the golden years of her life.
Do you wish to learn more about the Raiden Gokuden?,*laughs*,"Or to put it more simply, do you want a post in the Kamisato House?",I trust a salary of thirty thousand would be to your satisfaction.
It is said that the flavor of zen is that of tea...,...and it is also said that the power of zen is that of the blade.,One might then ask: \"What does that say about the relationship between tea and the blade?\".
What's most interesting to me?,A withering sakura tree.,"For me, there is beauty to the withering.","It brings back fond memories of the spring, but most people don't agree.","Sakura trees that will never bloom again are removed, but when I look at a tree, all I want is to see it blossom again.",Just one more time...
My House's name in full is Inazuma Bakufu Shabukyo Kamisato.,"Quite the mouthful, yes.","But don't worry, you don't need to understand it, just know that it means Kamisato is the most illustrious House in all of Inazuma."
"When I said you didn't need to understand what Inazuma Bakufu Shabukyo Kamisato means, I meant that you can relax.",You are a traveler from afar - an honored guest of Kamisato House.
When I said that you were an honored guest at the Kamisato House...,...what I meant was - I'm honored that you are *my* guest.
I don't believe it would be improper of me to call you my friend.,"You seem surprised, am I being too audacious?",Haha... I'm joking.
"What I want to say next, is perhaps not befitting of a member of the Inazuma Bakufu Shabukyo Kamisato House...","but unless I'm mistaken, I trust that you will not take issue with the slight departure from convention on my part.",That is to say... I'm a little tired... may I rest my head on your shoulder? Just for a moment...
The load my brother bears is indeed great.,What is it that I can offer to the Kamisato House? Swordsmanship? Artistry?,Or something even more powerful?,Like perhaps stealing your sword?,- Kamisato Ayaka 2023
What's my favourite food?,"Hmmm, it has to be ochazuke.","Now that I mention it, the look on guests' faces when they see me eating it is most amusing."
My least favourite food?,"Though I do not eschew animal fat and organs entirely, they are far from my first choice."
Hmm... So this is how things have come to be...,It is my honor to receive your guidance and better understand my own abilities.
I've benefited greatly from your guidance.,"I will be sure to consider your honorable recommendations in the matters of the blade, of poetry and of attire."
"Be it the affairs of the triarcal council or my swordsmanship, I feel things have become easier to deal with.","As such, I now have time to try new things.",Would you like to try the new snacks I have made?
Though I cling to that which has given me the strength to hold on...,...the weight of letting go is ever foreboding.,My apologies...It should be a happy occasion and yet it is such a sad phrase that comes to mind.,I'm so content in working with your that I'm fearful of losing what I've gained.,I'm sorry... I must compose myself...